c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\bin\Debug\Aplikasi Kasir.exe.config
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Kasir.FrmBarang.resources
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Kasir.FrmKaryawan.resources
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Kasir.FrmListBarang.resources
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Kasir.FrmListKaryawan.resources
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Kasir.FrmTransaksi.resources
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Kasir.FrmUser.resources
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Kasir.FrmUtama.resources
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Kasir.ListBarang.resources
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Kasir.ListPenjualan.resources
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Kasir.LoginForm1.resources
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Kasir.Resources.resources
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi Kasir.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\bin\Debug\Aplikasi Kasir.exe
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\bin\Debug\Aplikasi Kasir.pdb
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\bin\Debug\Aplikasi Kasir.xml
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi Kasir.exe
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi Kasir.xml
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi Kasir.pdb
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi Kasir.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi_Kasir.ReportPenjualan.resources
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
c:\users\asus\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\ASUS\OneDrive\Desktop\FAHRI MUHAMMAD\kasir app\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\bin\Debug\Aplikasi Kasir.exe.config
C:\Users\ASUS\OneDrive\Desktop\FAHRI MUHAMMAD\kasir app\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi Kasir.exe
C:\Users\ASUS\OneDrive\Desktop\FAHRI MUHAMMAD\kasir app\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi Kasir.xml
C:\Users\ASUS\OneDrive\Desktop\FAHRI MUHAMMAD\kasir app\Aplikasi Kasir\Aplikasi Kasir\obj\Debug\Aplikasi Kasir.pdb
